add notebook for dolly instruction following (#1041)
openvinotoolkit/openvino_notebooks: notebooks/238-dolly-2-instruction-following/README.md

> # Instruction following using Databricks Dolly 2.0 and OpenVINO™

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Instruction-following using Databricks Dolly 2.0 and OpenVINO™
```

> The instruction following is one of the cornerstones of the current generation of large language models(LLMs). Reinforcement learning with human preferences ([RLHF](https://arxiv.org/abs/1909.08593)) and techniques such as [InstructGPT](https://arxiv.org/abs/2203.02155) has been the core foundation of breakthroughs such as ChatGPT and GPT-4. However, these powerful models remain hidden behind APIs and we know very little about their underlying architecture. Instruction-following models are capable of generating text in response to prompts and are often used for tasks like writing assistance, chatbots, and content generation. Many users now interact with these models regularly and even use them for work but the majority of such models remain closed-source and require massive amounts of computational resources to experiment with.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instruction-following is one of the cornerstones of the current generation of large language models (LLMs). Reinforcement Learning with human preferences ([RLHF](https://arxiv.org/abs/1909.08593)) and techniques such as [InstructGPT](https://arxiv.org/abs/2203.02155) have been at the core foundation of breakthroughs with models like GPT-4. However, these powerful models are often hidden behind APIs and we know very little about their underlying architecture. Instruction-following models are capable of generating text in response to prompts and are often used for tasks like writing assistance, chatbots and content generation. While many users are now interacting with these models regularly and even use them for work, the majority remain closed-source and require massive amounts of computational resources to experiment with.
```

> [Dolly 2.0](https://www.databricks.com/blog/2023/04/12/dolly-first-open-commercially-viable-instruction-tuned-llm) is the first open-source, instruction-following LLM fine-tuned by Databricks on a transparent and freely available dataset that is also open-sourced to use for commercial purposes. That means Dolly 2.0 is available for commercial applications without the need to pay for API access or share data with third parties. Dolly 2.0 exhibits similar characteristics so ChatGPT despite being much smaller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Dolly 2.0](https://www.databricks.com/blog/2023/04/12/dolly-first-open-commercially-viable-instruction-tuned-llm) is the first open-source, instruction-following LLM fine-tuned by Databricks on a transparent and freely available dataset that is also open-source with a permissive license that allows commercial use. This means Dolly 2.0 is available for commercial applications without the need to pay for API access or share data with third parties. Dolly 2.0 exhibits similar characteristics to GPT-4 despite being much smaller.
```

> In this tutorial, we consider how to run an instruction-following text generation pipeline using Dolly 2.0 and OpenVINO. We will use a pre-trained model from the [Hugging Face Transformers](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/index) library. To simplify the user experience, the [Hugging Face Optimum](https://huggingface.co/docs/optimum) library is used to convert the models to OpenVINO™ IR format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this tutorial, we demonstrate how to run an instruction-following text generation pipeline using Dolly 2.0 and OpenVINO. We will use a pre-trained model from the [Hugging Face Transformers](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/index) library. To simplify the user experience, the [Hugging Face Optimum](https://huggingface.co/docs/optimum) library is used to convert the models to OpenVINO™ IR format.
```

> The notebook provides a simple interface that allows communication with a model using text instruction. In this demonstration user can provide input instructions and the model generates an answer in streaming format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The notebook provides a simple interface that allows communication with a model using text instruction. In this demonstration the user can provide input instructions and the model generates an answer in streaming format.
```
